Preflights-helm: run script (#4)
GitGuardian/ggtools: README.md

------------ | -------------
[api-migration](./api-migration) | Facilitates the migration of incident remediation progress across different environments, including SaaS ↔ Self-Hosted, Self-Hosted ↔ Self-Hosted, and SaaS ↔ SaaS.
[new-arch-migration](./new-arch-migration) | Assists in transitioning from the legacy GitGuardian architecture to the new architecture for Self-Hosted environments.

> [helm-preflights](./helm-preflights) | Used to ensure Gitguardian requirements are respected. It runs tests both from user and cluster space.

Reviewer: 💅 
```suggestion
[helm-preflights](./helm-preflights) | Ensures GitGuardian requirements are met prior installation or upgrade via [Helm on existing clusters](https://docs.gitguardian.com/self-hosting/installation/installation-existing-helm) by conducting tests from both the local user and the Kubernetes cluster.
```
